---
title: "Links"
layout: post
---

🔗 [How AI can make you a 10x professional](https://www.deeplearning.ai/the-batch/how-ai-can-make-you-a-10x-professional/)

Apart from how overused “10x” is, he’s has a point.

> …for many jobs that primarily involve applying knowledge or processing information, AI will be transformative. In a few roles, I’m starting to see tech-savvy individuals coordinate a suite of technology tools to do things differently and start to have, if not yet 10x impact, then easily 2x impact. I expect this gap to grow.


> I see more and more AI-native teams reinvent workflows and do things very differently.

→ I think the key phrase here is “reinvent”. Instead of just delegating, automating and scaling up existing workflows, the higher leverage is in deconstructing and reinventing. 

A more recent example of this, which is not so much intentionally designed but the result of different capabilities becoming available, is creating prototypes in one collaborative session (1-3 hours) instead of weeks of iterations. These disruptions are not going to be prevented.

---

🔗 [AI Search Has A Citation Problem](https://www.cjr.org/tow_center/we-compared-eight-ai-search-engines-theyre-all-bad-at-citing-news.php)

> revealed consistent patterns across chabots: confident presentations of incorrect information, misleading attributions to syndicated content, and inconsistent information retrieval practices. Critics of generative search like Chirag Shah and Emily M. Bender have raised substantive concerns about using large language models for search, noting that they “take away transparency and user agency, further amplify the problems associated with bias in [information access] systems, and often provide ungrounded and/or toxic answers that may go unchecked by a typical user.” 

→ What a mess. 